hey Peter gilroy you're Peter Gilroy
so you and your friends do some pretty
awesome things on your YouTube channel
but I want to show you a picture of an
awesome thing I can do
I think that something like 28 or 29
grapes I'm not exactly sure but that
wasn't in my crime prime little italy my
prime grape stuffing situation so I'm up
to about 49 grapes now so that's pretty
awesome but maybe you don't think it's
as awesome as you and I totally get that
you have your own opinion of how awesome
you are well since you do some pretty
embarrassing kind of ridiculous things
all the time I wanted to tell you
something that's kind of ridiculous and
embarrassing about me when I was little
my one of my sisters gave me this hat
for Christmas and I was like seven or
eight something like that and I really
love that hat I would wear it to bed
like three or four times a week when I
first got it and for some reason I
decided it was a good idea to just keep
on wearing it until I was like 12 at
which point it was way too small for me
whenever I put it on I untucked my ears
from it so that they were like sticking
straight out and I was like pretty much
a kite because my ears would catch in
the wind and they'd flat back and forth
and it was just hazardous so I'm gonna
go get it over there and I'm gonna show
you pretty much how awesome it is here
it is so I'm gonna put it on and I'm
gonna show you and you're probably gonna
laugh because it's pretty ridiculous and
there's a specific way I always had to
put it on too so just like this and it's
kind of I could probably use it as a
bobcat now and sometimes i just took my
hair in it but that's kind of lame so
forget that I said that or am i doing
hey Peter I've got another story for you
so last night I was watching some of
your videos with my little sister
because she'd never seen them before so
of course I had to show her my dad comes
in and we were watching the Disney Land
one where your pass expired and he
watched almost the whole thing and he
was like he reminds me of Kenneth from
30 rock and I was like okay you say so
but then I was like hmm that's pretty
weird because Peter really like Tina Fey
and she's in 30 rock and my dad thought
he looked like Kenneth so you know what
maybe you are Jack McBrayer and that
would be awesome because you could just
spend all of this time with Tina Fey and
then your videos about to her would be
kind of be irrelevant but that's okay so
anyways Peter Pete PD Peter Pan Peter II
pansy I don't know what you like to go
by um this is my video to you here you
go take it I don't have a silver platter
so I can't give it to you on a silver
platter but hopefully this will suffice
even though you probably won't ever see
this but who cares it was fun to make
and it was fun watching all your videos
so thanks and keep it up and never stop
being you